hi I'm Sandra Bernhard actress and
comedian living here in New York City
this www
hey today I'm hanging with Wendy
Williams fabulous talk-show host with a
big personality it's so looking forward
to this me too
first of all this is pathetic look at me
next to you well my husband's a flashy
guy and in a lot of ways I think of the
flashy girl flashy but you're real yes
of course this is not a real first show
the real faux fur your honor
don't stop the cameras rolling bitches
or I will go crazy on your asses keep
this rolling cuz I'll miss all the good
moments the the gems of wisdom em ha ha
ha we're gonna stroll around Manhattan
get our nails done and see how Wendy's
doing burgeoning young talent although
these days people do just jump right so
tired of these shows your buddy comes on
and thinks they can just like make it
overnight everybody thinks that it just
happens for them and we're walking too
fast I can't walk and talk them like
this apparently I don't do enough cardio
this is comedians walking and getting
mani-pedis what color are we gonna get
no what are you feeling I'm thinking I'm
this girl today this is called Hawaiian
orchid I've never been to Hawaii
you never know why you want to go you
know it's very white there I should be
worn most places are white for us when I
go on vacation with my guys I like a
triangle bikini top like the smallest
thing and a little tiny triangle at the
bottom and everything else is hanging
out and I flutter and I Teeter and I I
love Sandra I love that
do you know what I love about you you
have a piece of black girl in you what
first of all coming from Flint Michigan
in the late 50s early sixties
I'm just had a soulful reaction to
people of color my whole life
and I know that sounds weird but I've
always related much more to black people
than to white people then of course as
you know Paul Mooney covered me right
the first night I got in stage Paul
Mooney camera goes Bernhard Mooney
you're a cigarette come to life they're
going to put you through hell and a pair
of kerosene drawers now have you ever
dated black no I have not really dated
anybody black I have to play I've dated
white but just playing around I knew
that that wasn't what I was going to
marry I want to represent my people in
the strongest light possible and that
couldn't be done if I married a fabulous
the gorgeous white man like Eddie
Cibrian oh my god
doesn't he make you want to be straight
that's not you know who's EO if you were
straight I actually went out on a date
with Sean Penn you lied to me after
seeing me in Kingdom calm yes no we
didn't have sex yeah but I was excited
because I thought it was amazing
so our kid is 12 years old yeah and when
I was 12 I'd be able to go to the mall
all day long and we'd get a pickup like
six hours later now all these shootings
and stuff and my son wants to go to the
mall with his friends I don't want him
to be shot by the killer who randomly
wants to spray the crowd and then kill
himself it's it's become this epidemic
and he goes to movies with his friends
and I sit in the back and I'm cool mom
I'll buy everybody popcorn I'm you know
if you want to talk to girls whatever I
like I'm cool mom but I'm right here in
the back watching everything cuz if the
killer comes in here honey I'm on it
that's when you'll pull out some weapon
on it no no top coat too wet I'm gonna
just sit and talk so like two weeks ago
I said to my husband I want to party
like I did when I was 21 and I love the
club and I'm not ashamed I love
something short something tight I like
my eyes to be dim at the end of the
night see I can't dance but I can dance
with my husband because he knows I can't
dance so he holds me in the small of my
back even when the music's gone boom
boom boom he's fat oh he's he's the most
he said I'm gonna take you to Vegas now
when we go to a hotel if I get too many
how you doin at the front desk and the
doorman and everything like that then my
feeling is there is a secret camera in
this room they yes they want to see me
with my wig under here is all curiosity
for people so I just keep it down that's
very interesting how you doing we're
changing rooms
I will never stay in the first one we
walk into I'll always go this is this
the best you have why I like a view and
I like a certain kind of bathroom I like
a certain kind of bed and if they don't
have my feather pillows on it I don't
post all
I do a lot of reading and when I have
the deepest problems I might get three
advice books on the same thing yeah and
I also believe in talking to my team
like I always tell women if you cannot
go to your GYN and spread it and feel
whole then you're not going to the right
person
well I just have an older Jewish man who
I've been going to for years you know
and we don't give in to any big
conversation oh really
yeah he just does this thing that says
it feels good it feels right right go to
a woman or man I go to a woman I will go
to her to sit in her office fully
clothed to talk right cuz you know since
I have a talk show and everything I like
to get information and then take it back
you know what I love to talk to the
older dolls and I love older men also I
love to know that they still have it
James Earl Jones dan Rather brothers
right sexy yes he is he's been on my
show twice he's fun yeah he told me if
there's anything you ever need but I got
the feeling that he really meant it it's
like twice we talked about this show
right here and I said I would love to do
the show so when the call came in to
come here I was like I'm there I was
very impressed and delighted hey mommy
I'm so glad we did this
me too and I got a got a nice little
Manny your nails a beautiful good
anything you need to wrap it up I don't
think we need subscribe to finger
subscribe to thinker it's free subscribe
to thinker it's free two different
versions of a very brilliant reading ha
ha ha alright let's let's um get you out
of here girlfriend
how you doing thinker